# Deploying Your App

1. Make sure you have cloned this repo by clicking "use this template" and giving your repo a name.

1. Create your free AWS account.

1. Navigate to the AWS Amplify console page (My Account > AWS Management Console > Search "AWS Amplify").

1. Click on "Get Started" underneath the "Deploy" heading.

1. Select "GitHub". This will bring up an authorization window. When you have authorized access a message saying "GitHub authorization successful" will display.

1. Select your newly cloned project under "Select a repository"

1. Select the branch you would like to deploy and then click "next". In this example, we are deploying the `main` branch.

1. Amplify generates a build configuration automatically for us which is fantastic!

1. Now we need to add our environment variables. To do so, click on "Advanced settings" to reveal where we can add our required environment variables specified here. After you have added those, click "next".

1. Now you can review that you have configured your deployment properly. Note that Amplify automatically detected that we are building a React project. Sweet!

1. To accept your settings, click "save and deploy".

1. Now we wait for our deployment to be provisioned, built, deployed, and verified. You can view the logs for the processes by clicking one of the steps and then clicking the dropdown to reveal the console.

1. After these steps have completed, you're all done! You can click on the autogenerated domain to view your newly deployed application!
